Do you know
Your words ruined my three years of hard work
If you're here to sweep the floor and blow my mind
I'll keep you awake
Interests seeking relatives
ungrateful
show your teeth and claws
exasperated
Chen Meixiao, if I hadn't sworn never to hit a woman in my life
Do you know that you still have the face to talk big here?
If I Were You
I promise not to hit women
You didn't swear not to hit the dog, you ran
I will sign this agreement
How much did you bring?
I'll sign as many as I want
I hope Mr. Chen doesn't regret it.
Li Shuai and the Chen family treat you like this
Tens of billions prepared for the Chen family
Will the order and the investment promotion meeting be cancelled together?
Hey, it's also a husband and wife after all
I want to give him another chance.
All these years I've always suspected
The destruction of the Li family
It has something to do with the big families of Yandu
Just in time for this investment promotion meeting
Beat them all